SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/react/02-calling-an-api.md

---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD034 MD041 -->

:::note

> For a deep dive into making secure calls to an API from React, visit the [Call a Protected API from React](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication#call-a-protected-api-from-react/). This guide provides you with additional details, such setting up a sample Express API server and getting test access tokens from the Auth0 Dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Integrate React with an API Server](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication#integrate-react-with-an-api-server) section of the [React Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into calling a protected API from React. This guide allows you to set up a sample API server using a backend technology of your choice, effectively creating a full-stack application.
```

Author: Hello! I'm going to push changes in Angular that match this new note ^ @dan-auth0 could you possibly remove the quotation marks from the page/section titles? None of the other entries have this and we honestly don't use quotes around articles in Docs. I couldn't add a suggestion to the batch.

Reviewer: @avanscoy Done 💪
